Update ediscovery-diagnostic-info.md (#9897)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/ediscovery-diagnostic-info.md

## Collect diagnostic information for eDiscovery (Premium)

> Collect Case Information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Collect case information
```

> The **Settings** tab in an eDiscovery (Premium) case lets you quickly copy the diagnostic information for the case. The diagnostic information is saved to the clipboard so you can paste it to a text file and send to Microsoft Support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Settings** tab in an eDiscovery (Premium) case lets you quickly copy the diagnostic information for the case. The diagnostic information is saved to the clipboard so you can paste it into a text file and send it to Microsoft Support.
```

## Collect diagnostic information for eDiscovery (Premium)

### Collect case information

The **Settings** tab in an eDiscovery (Premium) case lets you quickly copy the diagnostic information for the case. The diagnostic information is saved to the clipboard so you can paste it into a text file and send it to Microsoft Support.

> 1. Go to the compliance portal, and select **eDiscovery** > <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2174006" target="_blank">**Advanced**</a>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Go to the compliance portal, and select **eDiscovery** > <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2174006" target="_blank">**Premium**</a>.
```

4. On the flyout page, click **Actions** > **Copy support information** to copy the information to the clipboard.

5. Open a text file (in Notepad) and then paste the information into the text file.

6. Save the text file and name it something like `eDP Diagnostic Info YYYY.MM.DD` (for example, `eDP Diagnostic Info 2020.11.03`).

After reviewing the file and redacting sensitive information, send it to the Microsoft Support engineer working on your case.

### Collect job information

> 1. While in the case, select the **Jobs** tab. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. While in a case, select the **Jobs** tab. 
```

> 2. Scroll down to the Job that failed and select it to open the **Job Information** screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Scroll down to the Job that failed and select it to open the job information pane.
```

> 3. Select **Copy Support Information** to copy the Job diagnostics information to the clipboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Select **Copy support information** to copy the job diagnostics information to the clipboard.
```

> 5. Open a text file (in Notepad) and then paste the information in the text file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Open a text file (in Notepad) and then paste the information into the text file.
```

6. Save the text file and name it something like `eDP Diagnostic Info YYYY.MM.DD` (for example, `eDP Diagnostic Info 2020.11.03`).

After reviewing the file and redacting sensitive information, send it to the Microsoft Support engineer working on your case.

> Collect Job  Information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Collect job information
```

> 1. While in the Case, click the **Jobs** Tab. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. While in the case, select the **Jobs** tab. 
```

> 2. Scroll down to the Job that faied and click on it to open the Job Information screen.
> 3. Click the button **Copy Support Information** to copy the Job diagnostics information to the clipboard.
> 4. Open a text file (in Notepad) and then paste the information in the text file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Scroll down to the Job that failed and select it to open the **Job Information** screen.
3. Select **Copy Support Information** to copy the Job diagnostics information to the clipboard.
4. Open a text file (in Notepad) and then paste the information into the text file.
```
